­čŽů Fantas├ş F├║tbol ÔÇô Gameweek 12 Recap

ÔÇťThe Week Daniel Mu├▒oz Became Prime CafuÔÇŁ

­čîŹ Weekly Summary

Gameweek 12 will forever be known as the week Daniel Mu├▒oz woke up and chose violence, scoring a goal and grabbing a clean sheet while single-handedly dragging multiple managers to glory. Eze (Arsenal) dropped a hat trick, a shocking number of transfer swings changed lives, and somehow the winning score was still only 62 points.

Two managers now face the 7:30am Guinness GauntletÔäó´ŞĆ, and the rest of the league is wondering whether they should just captain Mu├▒oz next week.

ÔŞ╗

­čĆć JCarr Takes 1st (Again) ÔÇô The Transfer Whisperer

@ÔüĘJCarr GambleÔüę claims 1st place for the 2nd time this year, surging into the top 10 and taking over 2nd in money earned.

Despite this being the lowest winning score of the season (62 points), JCarr made 4 transfers that produced an absurd +29 point swing.

Key performers:
	ÔÇó	Daniel Mu├▒oz (Crystal Palace) ÔÇö clean sheet + goal
	ÔÇó	Eze (Arsenal) ÔÇö hat trick like it was nothing

This was managerial excellence. Possibly dark magic. WeÔÇÖll investigate.

ÔŞ╗

­čął Zach Gets 2nd ÔÇô Riding the Mu├▒oz Wave

@ÔüĘZach DuguidÔüę earns 2nd place and his second top-four finish of the year.

He made 2 transfers, producing a very healthy +16 point swing, headlined by Daniel Mu├▒oz, everyoneÔÇÖs favorite Colombian fullback turned superhero.

He also had:
	ÔÇó	Dewsbury-Hall with a 13-point winner vs Man United, who really should start charging rent for how often they help FPL attackers.

Zach climbs into the top half and is knocking on the top 10 door.

ÔŞ╗

­čąë Collin Gets 3rd ÔÇô Arsenal Agenda Certified

@ÔüĘCollin JohnstonÔüę grabs 3rd place, his fourth top-four finish of the year (tied for league lead).

His squad featured:
	ÔÇó	Eze, bringing Arsenal joy with a hat trick
	ÔÇó	Declan Rice, because of course he did
	ÔÇó	Pickford (10 points) ÔÇö and Collin was the only manager brave enough to own him

This result launches Collin firmly into the top half.
Mikel Arteta would be proud. Liam Kelly might not be.

ÔŞ╗

­čÄ» Graham Gets 4th ÔÇô Differential Merchant

@ÔüĘGraham DerfnerÔüę secures 4th place and his second top-four finish of the season, climbing into the top 5.

His success came from:
	ÔÇó	Daniel Mu├▒oz, the peopleÔÇÖs champion
	ÔÇó	Enzo Fern├índez ÔÇö 11 points
	ÔÇó	Minteh ÔÇö another 11 points

These differentials hit harder than a last-minute VAR reversal.

ÔŞ╗

­čĺÇ Bottom Two: Gabriel & Tommy Harris ÔÇö Guinness OÔÇÖClock

@ÔüĘGabriel CostaÔüę and @ÔüĘTommy HarrisÔüę finish in the bottom two and must shotgun a Guinness before 7:30am ET on Saturday, November 29th.

Tommy:
	ÔÇó	Tripled up on Crystal Palace defenders (smart)
	ÔÇó	DidnÔÇÖt have Mu├▒oz (tragic)
	ÔÇó	Six starters failed to reach even 2 points
	ÔÇó	Feels like the fantasy gods personally targeted him

Gabriel:
	ÔÇó	Did have Mu├▒oz
	ÔÇó	But literally nothing else worked
	ÔÇó	Captain Mateta: 1 point
	ÔÇó	Worst of all: he used Free Hit to construct this exact disasterclass

Both tumble into the bottom half of the table.

ÔŞ╗

ÔĆ░ 6. Lineups Due

Lineups lock at 8:30am ET on Saturday, November 29th.