Gameweek 21 Recap вҖ” Triple Captain Madness

Summary рҹҺҜрҹӨҜрҹ“ү

Gameweek 21 proved that playing it safe gets you shotgunning Guinnesses, while playing unhinged gets you trophies (and Pacificoв„ўпёҸ glory). Bruno GuimarГЈes became the league-winner, Haaland was merely вҖңfine,вҖқ Arsenal defenders printed money, and red cards absolutely torpedoed otherwise respectable teams. The table tightened, the basement stayed ugly, and one manager reminded us all why differentials matter.

вё»

рҹҘҮрҹҢҠ James Wins It All (Triple Captain Scenes)

@вҒЁJames McMullenвҒ© takes 1st place for his 3rd top-4 finish of the year in what has otherwise been a rough season, still sitting down in 32nd overall вҖ” but not this week.

He got solid contributions from Thiago (12), Semenyo (6), and Haaland (6), while Harry Wilson continued his sneaky differential run with 9 points. But none of that is why James won.

James takes home the highly coveted Pacificoв„ўпёҸ Impulse TRIPLE Captain of the Week Award рҹҚәрҹҸҶ by doing something truly unhinged:
Only about в…“ of the league even owned Bruno GuimarГЈes, and James didnвҖҷt just captain him вҖ” he TRIPLE captained him, tripling the goal and assist into pure fantasy destruction.

This was bold. This was risky. This was beautiful.

вё»

рҹҘҲрҹ’° Robert: Top-Four Merchant Strikes Again

@вҒЁRobert ShellowвҒ© finishes 2nd for his league-leading 5th top-4 finish (tied), continuing his season-long theme of chaos and cash.

Despite sitting in 14th place, Robert is now top of the league in money earned, fueled by wildly inconsistent but extremely profitable weeks. He made 4 free transfers that resulted in a net +20 points, including Calvert-Lewin scoring again as a differential.

The real backbone, though, was his triple Arsenal defense, which delivered 18 clean-sheet points and carried him comfortably onto the podium.

вё»

рҹҘүрҹ“Ҳ Tommy Mayer Survives His Own Transfers

@вҒЁTommy MayerвҒ© lands 3rd place for his 3rd top-4 finish of the season and inches closer to the top half of the table.

What makes this impressive? He made four free transfers for a net вҖ“11 points and still finished third. ThatвҖҷs efficiencyвҖҰ or luckвҖҰ or both.

He doubled up on Arsenal defense and also captained Bruno GuimarГЈes, which wouldвҖҷve looked genius in any other universe вҖ” unfortunately, this was the universe where James triple captained him and stole all the headlines.

вё»

рҹҸ…рҹӨқ Katz & Jack Tie for 4th

A tale of two managers heading in opposite directions.

@вҒЁJack BernatchezвҒ© earns his first top-4 finish of the year рҹҺү while sitting in 36th place, and he did it by making zero changes. No transfers, no tricks вҖ” just Thiago, captain Haaland, and Bruno GuimarГЈes doing the work. Maybe this squad is finally the blueprint for his escape plan.

@вҒЁRichard KatzвҒ©, meanwhile, continues his steady resurrection. After four transfers, he stuck with the Thiago captaincy (again, correctly) and was the only manager in the league to start Gibbs-White, who rewarded him with 9 points. Katz is now knocking on the door of midtable respectability.

вё»

рҹҚәрҹҡЁ Bottom Two Carnage: Mitch, Harry, & John

Chaos reigned at the bottom this week.

@вҒЁMitch PattulloвҒ©, @вҒЁHarry WangвҒ©, and @вҒЁJohn KingвҒ© all land in the bottom two, meaning:
	вҖў	First Guinness shotgun of the year for Mitch and John
	вҖў	League-leading 4th shotgun for Harry рҹҚ»рҹ’Җ

Despite the disaster:
	вҖў	Mitch remains 3rd overall
	вҖў	John falls out of the top half
	вҖў	Harry sits down in 35th

All three played it safe by captaining Haaland, but safety didnвҖҷt save them.
John got no goal contributions beyond Haaland, while Mitch and Harry were betrayed by their defenders:
	вҖў	Thiaw (-1) for Mitch: conceded twice, yellow card, subbed at halftime
	вҖў	Cucurella (-3) for Harry: red card vs Fulham
	вҖў	And just for fun, Harry also started Keane, who also got a red card

Two red cards. One lineup. Incredible scenes.

вё»

вҸ°рҹ“қ Final Reminder

Lineups are due tomorrow morning at 6:00am ET вҖ” set them early, avoid the red cards, and maybe consider doing something unhinged with your captaincy.

Because apparentlyвҖҰ thatвҖҷs how you win. рҹҳ…рҹҚ»